#summary One-sentence summary of this page.


The itSIMPLE Project aims to study and develop a Knowledge Engineering tool for designing Planning Domain models. The tool has been designed to give support to users during the construction of a planning domain application mainly in the initial stages of the design life cycle. These initial stages encompass processes such as domain specification, modeling, analysis, model testing and maintenance, all of them crucial for the success of the application.

Starting with requirements elicitation, specification and modeling, itSIMPLE ( Integrated Tools Software Interface for Modeling PLanning Environments) proposes a special use of UML ( Unified Modeling Language) in a planning approach which we believe can contribute to the knowledge acquisition process (from different viewpoints) as well as to the domain model visualization and validation. In fact, the main reason for using UML is because it has been widely used for these purposes.

The evolution of the itSIMPLE, called itSIMPLE3.5, presents an enhanced integrated environment with well-known representation languages such as UML, XML (eXtensible Markup Language), Petri Nets and PDDL ( Planning Domain Definition Language), each one of them with its best contribution to the whole design process, leading designers from the informality of real world requirements to formal domain models.

The tool can automatically translate UML models to a PDDL representation in order to let users test their models with several general planners (such as Metric-FF, FF, SGPlan, MIPS-xxl, LPG-td, LPG, hspsp, SATPlan, Plan-A, blackbox, LPRPG, Marvin). In fact, by using itSIMPLE it is possible to export a UML domain model to a PDDL3.1 representation. XML is suitably used as an intermediate language that can support the translation from UML to other representations such as PDDL or Petri Nets. itSIMPLE focuses also on the use of Petri Nets for dynamic domain analysis since it is a formalism with great potential for model checking and simulation.

Integrating the initial stages of the design cycle, the environment also gives to end-users an interface for plan analysis and management where designers can observe the behavior of the model during the simulation of plans (given by users or by planners). This is done by using sequence of snapshots of the planning domain as well as variable observation in charts. The tool also helps user to perform experiments with multiple planners and domain models, as done in International Planning Competitions (IPC) by just a press of a button. Several reports are automatically generated for plan evaluation, plan comparison, planner performance comparison and refined model comparison. For plan evaluation, users can specify quality metrics to determine if the plans satisfy the quality requirements (from a user's perspective).

itSIMPLE is an open source project implemented in Java that provides a user-friendly GUI to model and analyze many planning domains at the same time. This fact usually contributes to domain model reusability and maintenance.