#summary Publications about the itSIMPLE tool and its application.

==2012==

  * Vaquero, T.S.; Costa, C.; Tonidandel, F.; Igreja, H.; Silva, J.R.; Beck, J.C. _Planning and Scheduling Ship Operations on Petroleum Ports and Platforms_. In: Proceedings of the ICAPS 2012 Workshop on Scheduling and Planning Applications (SPARK), p 8-16. Atibaia, São Paulo, Brazil. 2012. (Online proceedings)   ([https://itsimple.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/resources/papers/2012/1.pdf View document])

  * Vaquero, T.S.; Tonaco, R.; Costa, C.; Toninandel, F.; Silva, J.R.; Beck, J.C. _itSIMPLE4.0: Enhancing the Modeling Experience of Planning Problems_. In: Proceedings of the ICAPS 2012 System Demonstration, p 11-14. Atibaia, São Paulo, Brazil. 2012. ([https://itsimple.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/resources/papers/2012/2.pdf View document])


==2011==

  * Vaquero, T.S.; Silva, J.R.; Beck, J.C. _A Brief Review of Tools and Methods for Knowledge Engineering for Planning & Scheduling_. In: Proceedings of the Knowledge Engineering for Planning and Scheduling (KEPS) workshop. The 21th International Conference on Automated Planning & Scheduling (ICAPS 2011). Freiburg. Germany. 2011.([https://itsimple.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/resources/papers/2011/1.pdf View document])

  * Vaquero, T.S.; Silva, J.R.; Beck, J.C. _Acquisition and Re.use of Plan Evaluation Rationales on Post Design_. In: Proceedings of the Knowledge Engineering for Planning and Scheduling (KEPS) workshop. The 21th International Conference on Automated Planning & Scheduling (ICAPS 2011). Freiburg. Germany. 2011 ([https://itsimple.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/resources/papers/2011/2.pdf View document])

  * Vaquero, T.S.; Silva, J.R.; Beck, J.C. _A Conceptual Framework for Post.Design Analysis in AI Planning Applications_. In: Proceedings of the Knowledge Engineering for Planning and Scheduling (KEPS) workshop. The 21th International Conference on Automated Planning & Scheduling (ICAPS 2011). Freiburg. Germany. 2011.([https://itsimple.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/resources/papers/2011/3.pdf View document])

  * Vaquero, T.S.; Silva, J.R.; Tonidandel, F.; Beck, J.C. _itSIMPLE: Towards an Integrated Design System for Real Planning Applications_. To appear in: The Knowledge Engineering Review Journal, special issue on International Competition on Knowledge Engineering for Planning & Scheduling (ICKEPS). Cambridge University Press.([https://itsimple.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/resources/papers/2011/4.pdf View document])


==2010==

  * Vaquero, T.S.; Silva, J.R.; Beck, J.C. _Improving Planning Performance Through Post-Design Analysis_. In: Proceedings of the Knowledge Engineering for Planning and Scheduling workshop. The 20th International Conference on Automated Planning & Scheduling (ICAPS 2010), Toronto. Canada. 2010. ([https://itsimple.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/resources/papers/2010/1.pdf View document])

  * Vaquero, T.S.; Silva, J.R.; Beck, J.C. _Analyzing Plans and Planners in itSIMPLE3.1_. In: Proceedings of the Knowledge Engineering for Planning and Scheduling workshop. The 20th International Conference on Automated Planning & Scheduling (ICAPS 2010). Toronto. Canada. 2010. ([https://itsimple.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/resources/papers/2010/2.pdf View document])


==2009==

  * Vaquero, T.S.; Silva, J.R.; Ferreira, M.; Tonidandel, F.; Beck, J.C. _From Requirements and Analysis to PDDL in itSIMPLE3.0_. In: Proceedings of the 3rd International Competition on Knowledge Engineering for Planning and Scheduling. ICAPS-09. Thessaloniki, Greece. 2009. ([https://itsimple.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/resources/papers/2009/1.pdf View document])

  * Vaquero, T.S.; Sette, F.; Silva, J.R.; Beck, J.C. _Planning and Scheduling of Crude Oil Distribution in a Petroleum Plant_. In: ICAPS-09 Workshop on Scheduling and Planning Applications (SPARK). Thessaloniki, Greece. 2009. ([https://itsimple.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/resources/papers/2009/2.pdf View document])


==2008==

  * Vaquero, T.S.; Tonidandel, F.; Silva, J.R. _Suggestions for the Knowledge Engineering Competition_. In: ICAPS-08 Workshop on Knowledge Engineering for Planning and Scheduling (KEPS). Sydney, Australia. 2008.([https://itsimple.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/resources/papers/2008/1.pdf View document])

  * Gomes, M.L.; Vaquero, T.S.; Silva, J.R.; Tonidandel, F. _Extracting State Constraints from UML Planning Models_. In: ICAPS-08 Workshop on Knowledge Engineering for Planning and Scheduling (KEPS). Sydney, Australia. 2008. ([https://itsimple.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/resources/papers/2008/2.pdf View document])

  * Udo, M.; Vaquero, T.S.; Silva, J.R.; Tonidandel, F. _Lean Software Development Domain_. In: ICAPS-08 Workshop on Scheduling and Planning Applications (SPARK). Sydney, Australia. 2008.  ([https://itsimple.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/resources/papers/2008/3.pdf View document])

  * Sette, F.; Vaquero, T.S.; Park, S.W.; Silva, J.R. _Are Automated Planners up to Solve Real Problems?_. In: The 17th IFAC World Congress (IFAC 2008), 2008, Seoul, Korea. ([https://itsimple.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/resources/papers/2008/4.pdf View document])


==2007==

  * Vaquero, T.S.; Romero, V.M.C.; Tonidandel, F.; Silva, J.R. _itSIMPLE 2.0: An Integrated Tool for Designing Planning Domains_. In: The International Conference on Automated Planning & Scheduling. In: ICAPS 2007 ,Providence, Rhode Island. The International Conference on Automated Planning & Scheduling. Menlo Park, California, USA, 2007.([https://itsimple.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/resources/papers/2007/1.pdf View document])

  * Vaquero, T.S.; Romero, V.M.C.; Sette, F.; Tonidandel, F.; Silva, J.R. _itSIMPLE2.0 : An Integrated Tool for Designing Planning Domains. In: ICAPS 2007 - International Conference on Automated Planning and Scheduling_. In: Providence, Rhode Island. ICKEPS 2007 Competition on Knowledge Engineering for Planning and Scheduling. Menlo Park, California, USA, 2007.([https://itsimple.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/resources/papers/2007/2.pdf View document])

  * Vaquero, T.S.; Tonidandel, F.; Barros, L.N.; Silva, J.R. _Modeling a Real Application as a Planning Problem by using UML.P_. In: VIII SBAI - Simpósio Brasileiro de Automação Inteligente, 2007, Florianópolis, Brazil, 2007. Full Paper.([https://itsimple.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/resources/papers/2007/3.pdf View document])

  * Romero, V.M.C.; Vaquero, T.S.; Tonidandel, F.; Silva, J.R. _Analysis and Management of Plans provided by Automated Planning Systems_. In: VIII SBAI - Simpósio Brasileiro de Automação Inteligente, 2007, Florianópolis, Brazil, 2007.[https://itsimple.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/resources/papers/2007/4.pdf View document])

  * Gomes, M.L.; Udo, M.; Vaquero, T.S.; Silva, J.R.; Tonidandel, F. _Obtaining States Invariants From Class Diagram in UML.P_. In: VIII SBAI - Simpósio Brasileiro de Automação Inteligente, 2007, Florianópolis, Brazil, 2007.([https://itsimple.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/resources/papers/2007/5.pdf View document])

  * Vaquero, T.S.; Sette, F.; Santos, E.A.; Silva, J.R. _Integrated Tools Environment for Modeling and Analysis of Automated Planning Systems_. In: COBEM07 - the 19th Congress of Mechanical Engineering, 2007, Brasilia, Brazil. 19th Congress of Mechanical Engineering - COBEM, 2007.


==2006==

  * Vaquero, T.S.; Tonidandel, F.; Barros, L.N.; Silva, J.R. _On the use of UML.P for modeling a real planning problem_. In Proceeding of 16th International Conference on Automated Planning and Scheduling (ICAPS). Cumbria, UK. 2006. ([https://itsimple.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/resources/papers/2006/1.pdf View document])

  * Tonidandel, F.; Vaquero, T.S.; Silva, J.R. _Reading PDDL, Writing an Object-Oriented Model_. In Leture Notes in Computer Science. International Joint Conference on AI IBERAMIA/SBIA. Springer-Verlag. 2006.([https://itsimple.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/resources/papers/2006/2.pdf View document])


==2005==

  * Vaquero, T.S.; Tonidandel, F.; and Silva, J.R. _The itSIMPLE tool for Modeling Planning Domains_. In Proceeding of the First International Competition on Knowledge Engineering for AI Planning and Scheduling (ICKEPS). Monterey, California, USA. 2005. ([https://itsimple.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/resources/papers/2005/1.pdf View document])

  * Santos, E.; Vaquero, T.S.; Silva, J.R. _Specification and Analysis for Automated Flexible Manufacturing_. In Proceeding of 18th International Congress of Mechanical Engineering (COBEM), Ouro Preto, MG, Brazil. 2005. ([https://itsimple.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/resources/papers/2005/2.pdf View document])