#summary Changelog.

= Release Changes =

== Version 3.5.10 (November 2010) == 
Version 3.5 has the following improvements:
  * Some bugs fixed.
  * An Automatic Validation tool (VAL) was integrated to itSIMPLE for validating plans during experiments. After running a planner the tool can automatically validate the resulting plan using VAL.


== Version 3.1.10 (May 2010) == 
Version 3.1 has the following improvements:
  * Some bugs fixed.
  * Metric definition. Users can select variables or specify sentence that represent the quality of the plan. These metrics are used to help designers to evaluate and compare the generated plans.
  * More planners integrated to the tool. Users can use all of the following planner: Metric-ff, FF, SGPlan, MIPS-xxl, SATplan, LPG-td, LPG, hspsp, Plan-A, Blackbox, Maxplan, LPRPG.
  * Plan report was refined, now having plan and planner comparison reports, and comparison of planner performance across different version of the same (refined) domain models.
  * A new model was added to the examples (e.g. PaperReviewDomain).


== Version 3.0.10 (September 2009) == 

Version 3.0 has the following improvements:
  * some bugs were fixed
  * itSIMPLE can generate a series of reports when running planners. These reports show the performance of planners and evaluations of plans through graphs and charts, similar to those reports seen in the International Planning Competition (IPC). 
  * PDDL 3.1 is now supported (the latest version of PDDL). 
  * New planners were added to itSIMPLE, such as hspsp, Plan-A.
  * New models were added to the examples.


== Version 2.1.10 (June 2009) == 
Version 2.1 has the following improvements:
  * Some bugs were fixed. 
  * Some plan metric can be specified (minimize and maximize). 
  * itSIMPLE can now deal with more planners (e.g., Metric-FF, FF, SGPlan6, MIPS-XXL, SATPlan, LPG-TD, LPG) 


== Version 2.0.30 (February 2008) == 
Version 2.0 has the following improvements:
  * Some bugs were fixed (e.g., pnml file exporting bug was also fixed)
  * Planner setting feature was added (were user can set up planner's parameters from itSIMPLE GUI).


== Version 2.0.22 (September 2007) == 

The new Java-based itSIMPLE release came with a lot of new features including new UML capabilites, Petri Nets integration for dynamic domain analysis, support PDDL3 features, new plan analyis capabilites (variable observation and movie maker). The tool became Java-based.


== Version 1.0 (June 2005) == 

The first version of itSIMPLE. This version had few capabilities including UML front end for editing domain models. PDDL export, PDDL import (PDDL 2.1 supported). Only for Windows.